# Integrated Optimization for Bipartite Matching and Stochastic Behavior - AAAI 2021

## Overview
This repository contains the code used in the experiments described in the following paper:
  
Yuya Hikima, Yasunori Akagi, Hideaki Kim, Masahiro Kohjima, Takeshi Kurashima, and Hiroyuki Toda. "Integrated Optimization for Bipartite Matching and Its Stochastic Behavior: New Formulation and Approximation Algorithm via Min-cost Flow Optimization." In AAAI, 2021, pages 3796-3805.

In this paper, we conducted two experiments for crowd-sourcing and ride-hailing platforms.

Contents of this repository:
- **README:** This file.
- **SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR EVALUATION:** The user must comply with the rules described herein.
- **Crowd-sourcing_experiment folder:** It contains the code used in the crowd-sourcing platform experiment and the code needed to set up the experiment, including data downloads.
- **Rideshare_experiment folder:** It contains the code used in the ride-hailing platform experiment and the code needed to set up the experiment, including data downloads.

The data for crowd-sourcing experiments can be downloaded from
  
http://dbgroup.cs.tsinghua.edu.cn/ligl/crowddata/ (Relevance Finding dataset).
  
The data are shared by
  
Chris Buckley, Matthew Lease, and Mark D. Smucker. "Overview of the TREC 2010 Relevance Feedback Track (Notebook)." In TREC, 2010.

The data for experiments for the ride-hailing platform can be downloaded from

https://www.nyc.gov/site/tlc/about/tlc-trip-record-data.page.

The data are provided by the New York City Taxi and Limousine Commission (NYC TLC).

## Description

The following is a description of what is in each folder.
- **Crowd-sourcing_experiment** 
  - **setup.sh:** Script for setting up the experiments
  - **Experiment_paper.sh:** Scripts for performing the same experiments as in our paper
  - **Experiment_test.sh:** Scripts for small experiments to see if our code works
  - **bin:** Folder containing the Python code needed for the crowd-sourcing experiments
    - **data_download.py:** Executed by setup.sh to download the used data.
    - **generate_reward_matrix.py:** Executed by setup.sh to make simulation data from the real data.
    - **experiment_Sigmoid.py:** Executed by Experiment.sh or Experiment_test.sh to perform experiments with simulated data using Sigmoid functions as acceptance probability functions. The first argument is $\phi$, the active rate of workers, and the second is $\psi$, the active rate of tasks.
    - **experiment_PL.py:** Experimental code Executed by Experiment.sh or Experiment_test.sh to perform experiments with simulated data using piecewise linear functions as acceptance probability functions.
  - **data:** Folder where the downloaded data is stored
  - **work:** Folder where the simulation data is stored
    - **Reward_matrix:** Data containing w_et in the paper, generated by generate_reward_matrix.py.
    - **trec-rf10-data.csv:** Converted csv data from the downloaded data
  - **results:** Folder where the results are stored
    - **Average_result_XX_phi=YY_psi=ZZ.csv:** The data containing results for a given parameter set
   
- **Rideshare_experiment:** 
  - **setup.sh:** Script for setting up the experiments
  - **Experiment_paper.sh:** Scripts for performing the same experiments as in our paper
  - **Experiment_test.sh:** Scripts for small experiments to see if our code works
  - **bin:** Folder containing the Python code needed for the crowd-sourcing experiments
    - **data_download.py:** Executed by setup.sh to download the used data.
    - **experiment_Sigmoid.py:** Executed by Experiment.sh or Experiment_test.sh to perform experiments with simulated data using Sigmoid functions as acceptance probability functions. The first argument is place and the second is the date of data to be used. The third and the fourth are the time interval ($t_s$ in our paper) and its unit, respectively.
    - **experiment_PL.py:** Executed by Experiment.sh or Experiment_test.sh to perform experiments with simulated data using piecewise linear functions as acceptance probability functions.
  - **data:** Folder where the downloaded data is stored
  - **work:** Folder where the learned matrix for LinUCB is stored
  - **results:** Folder where the results are stored
  - **others:**  Folder containing the code used to train the matrices used in one of the baselines, LinUCB.

## Requirements
Our code was implemented in Python 3.6.8.

## Usage
Instructions for performing experiments on a crowdsourcing platform:

1. Go to the Crowd-sourcing_experiment folder, create the "results", "data" and "work" folders, and then, run "bash setup.sh."
2. Run "bash Experiment_test.sh" and see the results in the "results" folder to see if the code works.
3. Run "bash Experiment_paper.sh" and see the results in the "results." Note that this code takes a long time to execute.
  
If you want to set parameters manually, go to the Crowd-sourcing_experiment/bin folder and run "python3 experiment_Sigmoid.py XX YY". The first argument is $\phi$ (active rate of workers), and the second is $\psi$ (active rate of tasks).

Instructions for performing experiments on a ride-hailing platform:

1. Go to the Rideshare_experiment folder, create "results" folder, and then, run "bash setup.sh."
2. Run "bash Experiment_test.sh" and see the results in the "results" folder to see if the code works.
3. Run "bash Experiment_paper.sh" and see the results in the "results." Note that this code takes a long time to execute.
  
If you want to set parameters manually, go to the bin folder and run "python3 experiment_Sigmoid.py XX YY ZZ VV WW". 
The first argument is place and the second is the date of data to be used. The third and the fourth are the time interval and its unit, respectively. The fifth argument represents the number of simulations.

## License
You must follow the terms of the "SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR EVALUATION."
Please make sure to read it thoroughly.

## Author
This text was written by Yuya Hikima.
If you have any problems, please contact yuya.hikima at gmail.com.
